Super Mario Galaxy to the fluffy Bluff
galaxy and this first star is search for
the toad brigade captain and on this
video I will also show you how to get
the common metal so you get a new
powerup for this level cloud Mario and
what his powerup more how this powerup
works is every time you touch a cloud
you get to make three new temporary
cloud platforms when jumping in the air
and when you're jumping in the air you
can shake your controller to create a
platform right at your feet which lets
you get to basically almost anywhere you
want they keep it pretty easy though for
here like you don't even have to use the
clouds it can do the whole scene and tap
a to get the super long jump you don't
even have to use it and then on this
part you can actually wall jump from one
part to the next to get up that wouldn't
shoot also so the cloud platform a comic
coin for this is directly ahead I should
not have jumped into the water there I
was gonna make it definitely more
difficult you can see it right on the
top of that pillar but for this area
you're gonna have the shadow Mario's
chasing you so don't stop for any amount
of time and just keep running around
this globe until you pick up the five
points of the star and then after they
disappear you can pick up that cloud
medal if you didn't get it before but
when you have the cloud powerup I don't
think I mentioned this before you cannot
touch water because that kills the power
instantly so we have to do is land right
on top of that little peak then do then
while you're standing still hold z2
crouch and then a to jump and then shake
your controller at the height of your
jump to get just a little extra couple
inches that's what she said and then and
then you can get that comic coin now the
fun thing about the clouds that I really
liked is that you can kind of create
shortcuts and go in a direction that
we weren't supposed to but sometimes
that being actually tricky I'm trying to
show off just ends up wasting more time
than it would have saved so he come to
this platform up here there's a couple
swings are there's a swing and use that
to jump up a little bit higher there's a
cloud in the air that you can pick up on
the backswing so jump off get to the top
of these trees and then in a minute
you're gonna run forward and talk to a
purple monkey Dishwasher no it's a blue
monkey I forget
anyway you talk to the monkey at the top
of that mountain and he will give you
the coin it is a blue monkey blue monkey
dishwasher